[DOCS] Tidying for the enroll Kibana API (#74552)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/rest-api/security.asciidoc

[[security-enrollment-apis]]
=== Enrollment

Use the following APIs to enable new nodes to join an existing cluster with

> security enabled, or to enable a client to configure itself to communicate with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security enabled, or to enable a kibana instance to configure itself to communicate with
```

can we add this change that I missed in the original PR too please?

Author: +1 -- I just pushed a change in 95545bc214cc2b5de42d47a40db41ea112931680
